the Turkish people have spoken and if we
listen to their words
contrary to what Prime Minister Rajat
I've everyone has said that greatest
concern is a lack of respect everyone
has tried to make this a battle between
those who aren't religious and those who
are not but this is not the case
according to what this year other one is
saying whoever is protesting against
them and his government are actually
fighting against religion mr.panda wine
when had we become the environment are
the religion of Islam this everyone how
do you explain that during these
anti-government demonstrations
throughout the country that people have
been praying and those who do that pray
or perhaps those who are not even
listened have had enough respect that
they even make circles around those who
are praying in order to protect them
these are their Turkish brothers and
sisters and they have respect for each
other have come together to condemn what
they see as a prime minister of taking
more of a dictatorial stance and trying
to be more involved in the personal
lives of the Turkish people without
showing any respect for what the people
are saying and what they want so these
are not protests about the religious
versus the non-religious mr. Islam it is
interesting that now your friends at the
United States and Europe have condemned
your
and he handed crack down in Turkey and
now you are condemning them for their
complicity as you say that they do the
same thing inside of their countries you
have even condemned the US and said that
during the Occupy Wall Street protest
that Washington killed 17 people but the
US has denied this but the question is
what has happened that suddenly your
friends the US and EU are becoming your
foes mister the Juan do you see how fast
these so-called friends can turn on you
if it is in their interest to prop you
up they will and if it is and there
enters they will denounce you and hold
you down so with friends like these
wouldn't it be better for you to simply
the Turkish nation and attend to its
needs please do not try to hide behind
the veil of religion do not use Islam to
try to serve your egocentric girls this
is not a battle between Islam and
coiffeur mister everyone this is a
battle against your unbending ideas and
your Sultan like perspectives and those
who don't want to be forced to abide by
them what happened to the freedom you
set your people have why are people
being threatened with losing their jobs
if they participate in these
demonstrations but why are you hinting
that those who are participating in
these protests are uneducated immoral
and troublemakers face the truth these
people are representative of the Turkish
people
why are you trying to divide your nation
and to those who support you and those
who don't
nice to earn the run the world of 2013
is not one that subtracted to certain
ethnic on genes your people are speaking
out mr. early on and telling you what
they need listening to what they're
saying
a positive shift and Davila being
sarcastic